# Vision
cReg™ is an application that enables university students to efficiently and effectively register for courses and view their courses over the internet.
# Motivation
The need for this software arises from the fact that existing registration systems do not sufficiently satisfy the needs of current students. One major deficit is that students are required to register for courses on registration day, leading to long wait times for students that urgently need to register. Further compounding the issue, not all students have access to high-speed internet which otherwise might help alleviate some of the delays. Therefore, those students without fast internet face the possibility of being unable to complete their degree requirements due to circumstances outside of their control. Not only does this negatively impact the student, but it also negatively impacts the university's ability to serve its students.
cReg™ will resolve this problem by enabling students to add courses to a shortlist before the registration date so that they will automatically be registered in the courses from their shortlist on the registration date. Not only will this reduce instances of students being unable to register for a course they need or want due to a slow internet connection (which has nothing to do with their standing as students), but it will also provide university administration with a method of efficiently predicting the number of seats needed for a given course (with which they could make planning decisions regarding lecture hall assignments to courses), thus reducing the workload of registration services administration and improving the ability of the university to provide services to students.
Another important feature that sets cReg™ apart is the fact that it comes with the capabilities of a digital advisor, which can inform student decisions regarding course selection. Not only will this advisor reduce the number of trivial appointments with student advisors, allowing these advisors to focus more time on more difficult advisory matters, it will also grant students a convenient and easy method of verifying and planning for their future.
Paired with the course shortlisting system, the digital advisor will allow students using cReg™ to better leverage the capabilities of the digital age to their advantage by reducing registration hurdles and helping students plan forward. cReg™ will also enable university administration to leverage available data for planning purposes and free up the time of advisors so that they may allocate their time helping solve more pressing concerns.
# The criteria used to judge the success of cReg™ are:
- The time taken for a student to register for 10 courses in 2 different terms is at least 50% faster than the current system.
- Students can register for their courses using the recommendation system in just one click per course.
- The advice given by the digital advisor is judged as effective, useful, and objectively correct by current students.
